wiki/1

§ Charles Iliya Krempeaux

⸺ by Charles Iliya Krempeaux

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** is the eldest son of **Charles Robert Krempeaux** & **Malekeh Agha Safavi**.

(His father — **Charles Robert Krempeaux** — usually went by the name “//Charlie//”, but also sometimes went by //Chaz//.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** has one brother — a younger brother — named **Hassan Robert Krempeaux** — who goes by the name “//Rob//”.

§§ Locations

Charles has mostly resided in [[metro-vancouver]] — on the west coast of Canada.
He resided on [[salt-spring-island]] for a while, while he was a child.
And due to his father's work as a telecommunications engineer, once as a child and once as a teenager, resided (in the southern U.S.) in the [[dallas-metroplex]].
Also, since the year 2018, Charles also frequently stays in [[korea]].

§§ Events

These are some of the events relevant to Charles' life —

§§§ 1920s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s father (i.e., **Charles Robert Krempeaux**) was born in the 1920s.

§§§ 1930s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s Dayee Hassan (i.e., his Uncle Hassan) (i.e., his mother's oldest brother) was born in the 1930s.

World War II started in the 1930s.

§§§ 1940s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s father (i.e., **Charles Robert Krempeaux**) went into the Canadian Navy to fight in (what eventually became known as) World War II while he was still too young to be permitted to join, in the 1940s.
(When he intially went, he thought he was going to fight to protect and save his friends and loved ones.
He later learned that that's not even close to what war is about.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s mother (i.e., **Malekeh Agha Safavi**) was born in the 1940s.

World War II ended in the 1940s.

§§§ 1950s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s cousin **Mark Robert Tindol** — i.e., his father's sister's eldest son — was born in the 1950s.

§§§ 1960s

§§§ 1970s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s grandfather (i.e., **Charles Stanislaus Krempeaux**) (i.e., his father's father) died, in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s mother and my father got married, in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** was born in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s mother started teaching him to speak both English and Persian, in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s mother started teaching me [[math]], in the 1970s.

According to his mother, **Charles Iliya Krempeaux** said my first words in the 1970s.
(At about 5 months old.)

According to my mother, **Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started walking in the 1970s.
(At about 6 months old.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s father (i.e., **Charles Robert Krempeaux**) convinced his mother to move from Iran to Canada, in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s uncle **Paul Douglas Krempeaux** (i.e., his father's brother) lived with them for a while, in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s brother (i.e., **Hassan Robert Krempeaux**) was born in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s brother (i.e., **Hassan Robert Krempeaux**) said his first words, in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s brother (i.e., **Hassan Robert Krempeaux**) started walking, in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and his family went back to [[iran]] (from Canada) to visit, and to show his brother (i.e., **Hassan Robert Krempeaux**) to his mother's family in Iran, in the 1970s.
(And then came back to Canada.)

The Iranian Revolution happened in the 1970s.
(And the "culture" in Iran changed so much that in alot of ways, the Iran my mother remembes no longer exists.)

§§§ 1980s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and his family moved to Texas from BC, Canada in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s parents bought him and his brother an Atari 2600 in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** learned how to swim in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and his family moved back to BC, Canada from Texas in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** beat up the //school bully// in the 1980s.
After just recently starting at a new [[elementary-school]], he had the school bully pick a fight with him.
He beat up the bully, and other kids at the school carried me him their shoulders cheering (until a teacher came, and they all ran into the forest), in the 1980s.

After he beat up the school bully, in [[elementary-school]], he started having people start fights with me regularly, in the 1980s.
(I don't know if it was because I beat up the school bully, or because I was the new kid.
Or if it was because I was younger and (thus, because I was younger than everyone was) smaller than most the people in my grade, since I had skipped a grade before.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and his brother (i.e., **Hassan Robert Krempeaux]]) started training in **Shotokan Karate** in the 1980s.

After my Elementary School gave everyone an IQ test, 6 of us were taken and put in special classes originally called "Enrichment" but which was later called "The Gifted Child Program", in the 1980s.
(My teacher, at the time, had to explain why the student with the best grades in our class didn't get into the program, but why someone like me, who hated doing homework, and often didn't do his homework, did get in.
It was the first time I remember having the difference between "intelligent" person and a "hard working" person explained.)

I was a substitute "Sensei" for the Shotokan Karate classes, when the real Sensei had to leave, couldn't show up, or was late in the 1980s.
(Being a Preteen at the time, most of the adults in the class didn't seem to like me teaching them, because I was so young.)

I was told I wasn't allowed to take the test for my black belt, in Shotokan Karate, because I was too young in the 1980s.
I think they said I had to wait until I was 16 or 18 years old before I could take the test with a "grand master" from Japan.
(At the time I was very upset about it.
But now that I am older, I'm more understanding of it.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and his brother (i.e., **Hassan Robert Krempeaux**) started training in Judo in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and his family moved to Texas from BC, Canada in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started playing the **drums** in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** heard //rap music// for the first time, in the 1980s.
(They didn't play it on the Radio or on TV yet. It was still largely "underground" music.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** joined the Football team, at what was then his //high school//, in the 1980s.

While in Football, I started Weight Lifting for the first time, in the 1980s.
At age 12, I had a 130 lbs bench press and an 85 lbs curl.
(I had always been strong for my age.
It seems to have run on my mother's side of the family.)
(Later, I stopped weight lifting until I got older, after I heard that weight lifting too much can stunt your growth if you do it too young.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** became a [[teenager]] in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** joined the [[weight-lifting]] team, at what was then his //high school//, in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started training in Jujitsu in the 1980s.
(But despite his father wanting me to learn it, his mother pulled him out of the classes, shortly after beginning, because she felt the teacher was being too rough with him.
Charles regrets not having gone further with my Jujutsu training!)

§§§ 1990s

Me and my family moved back to BC, Canada from Texas in the 1990s.

I skipped another grade, with about half my classes, in the 1990s.

I met my friend **Chet Earl Woodside** in the 1990s.

I met my friend **Adam Gerald Bergunder** (through my brother) in the 1990s.

Me and my brother started training in Tae Kwon Do in the 1990s.

I started wondering what I was, in the 1990s.
And started reading 2 Encyclopedia sets, reading every National Geographic magazine I could get my hands on, and really finding out about the breadth and depth of my father's knowledge about History and people around the world (through all the questions I was asking him) — all to figure out the answer to the question of "what I was".
This lead to or increased my passion for History, Anthropology, Archaeology, and Human Genetics.
This also set me off on the process of reading all of those 2 encyclopedia sets, A-Z.
(This was before most people had even heard of Internet or The Web.)
And made me start to be appreciative of the knowledge I had access to from my father... from the all topics my father had educated himself on... and the very unique knowledge he gained by visiting every country in the world, except for two... and the knowledge he possed just by having been born in the 1920s.

I started training in Greco-Roman Wrestling in the 1990s.

I started studying Chemistry in the 1990s.

I started studying Physics in the 1990s.

I started studying Calculus in the 1990s.

I graduated //high school// in the 1990s.

My brother graduated //high school// in the 1990s.

I started University in the 1990s.

My parents bought me my first car in the 1990s (because I went to University).
(It was a brand new blue Chevrolet Cavalier, with a spoiler.)

I created my first job, as a private Math Tutor in the 1990s.
(I put an ad in a Grocery Store, and got my first student that way.
They liked how well I taught, and told their friends.
Soon I had many many students.)

My brother started University in the 1990s.

My parents bought my brother his first car in the 1990s (because he went to University).
(It was a brand new black Chevrolet Cavalier.)

I started Weight Lifting again, regularly, in the 1990s.
(I started doing this since, with all the studying and classes due to University, I didn't have any time for Martial Arts training anymore.)

I taught myself HTML in the 1990s.
Mostly from doing a [[view-source]] and reading the HTML [[source-code]], on various [[web-page]]s.

I got into Linux in the 1990s.

My Uncle Paul — my father's brother — died in the 1990s.

I taught myself PHP, in the 1990s.

§§§ 2000s

I graduated from University, in the 2000s.

My brother graduated from University, in the 2000s.

I got my first [[software-engineering]] job, after graduating from University, at [[ifusion-communications]], in the 2000s.

The Dot-Com Bubble crashed, in the 2000s.

[[ifusion-communications]] went out of business, in the 2000s, because, even though they weren't a Dot-Com'er, their clients were.
And when Dot-Com Bubble crash, their clients went out of business, and so did they.

Because of the poor job market after the Dot-Com Bubble crash, I had no income for months, in the 2000s.

I created my own consulting company Reptile Consulting & Services, in the 2000s.
At my consulting companies peek, I had 8 people working for me -- 4 full time and 4 part time -- and had over 25 clients.
(Not bad for some who was 26/27.
A stark constrast to most people I knew, who had not had an education after high school, and were all still "partying".)

After staying at home, with my parents for a while after graduating University (because my father got a bit sick, and I wanted to be around), I moved out on my own, in the 2000s.

My mother's oldest brother, Sayyid Hassan Safavi, died in the 1990s.

I did work for [[bidclix]], in the 2000s.

I met my friend Radoslav Gazo, in the 2000s.

I bought a 2003 Mazda RX-8 GT, in the 2000s.
(The 1st year they were available.)

I moved to Vancouver, to Kitsilano down by Kits beach, in the 2000s.

My friend, Adam Gerald Bergunder, had a son named Ethan Edwin Scott Bergunder, in the 2000s.
(Having grown up with Adam, I think of Ethan as being almost like my own son.)

My father died, in the 2000s.
(We still miss him very very much!)

I bought a 2007 Mazda RX-8 GT, in the 2000s.
(My 2nd RX-8.)

I went to the Internet TV conference called Vloggercon, in the 2000s.
(My brother came with me.)

I created the Internet TV Show, Tirebiterz, in the 2000s.

[[bidclix]] got bought by Accipter, in the 2000s.

Accipter (which previously bought [[bidclix]]) got bought by aQuantive, in the 2000s.

aQuantive decided to shut down the [[bidclix]] office, on Granville Island, in the 2000s.
They wanted all of us to relocated to Seattle.
I decided not to, and left BidClix/Accipiter/aQuantive.

I did work for Top Producer, in the 2000s.

I created MakeWordpress.com, in the 2000s.

I got a contributor credit for the creation of HTML 5, in the 2000s.

I created VideoPress and became a founding member of Show in a Box (which VideoPress is a part of), in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** did work for Navarik, in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** shared a booth at the Vancouver Motorcycle Show, hired promo girls, sold Tirebiterz clothing and promoted the Tirebiterz Show, in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** co-founded the company [[49-research]] with **Radoslav Gazo**, in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** moved to West End of [[vancouver]], down on Beach Avenue, in the 2000s.

§§§ 2010s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** bought a 2010 Nissan 370Z, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and **Radoslav Gazo** moved the 49 Research office to its then new location near the intersection of Seymour St and W. Hastings St in downtown Vancouver, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** moved out of [[Vancouver]] to live closer to my mother, as she had gotten older, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** got an interest in [[artificial-general-intelligence]] after being exposed to the research of **Steve Grand**, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** got an increased interest in [[neuroscience]], in the 2010s.
Originally he had a light interest based just on curiousity, but his interest in neuroscience increased after gaining an increased interest in psychology, but my interest increased greatly after gaining an interest in artificial general intelligence and modeling or simulating mammalian like intelligence, but this neuroscience interesting became interest in and in itself eventually.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** left [[49-Research]] and started doing work for [[hootsuite]], in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** left [[hootsuite]] and started doing work for [[trulioo]], in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** took over as head of the **Machine Learning Meetup Group**, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** founded the **Data Science Meetup Group**, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** founded the **Learn Data Science Meetup Group**, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started learning DIYBio flavor [[synthetic-biology]], in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** visited [[korea]] for the first time, in the 2010.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** visited [[pakistan]] for the first time, in the 2010.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** visited [[malta]] for the first time, in the 2010.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** met the woman who became my wife, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** got engaged, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** got married, in the 2010s.

§§§ 2020s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s son (his first child) was born in the 2020s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s daughter (his second child) was born in the 2020s.
