wiki/1

§ Charles Iliya Krempeaux's Events

⸺ by Charles Iliya Krempeaux

These are some of the events relevant to **Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s life —

§§§ 1700s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s father's father's father's father (i.e., **Tadeusz Szymon Krępowiecki** whose family-name was later anglicized to **Tadeusz Szymon Krempowieck**) was born in the 1700s — in the year 1798.

§§§ 1800s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s father's father's father's mother (i.e., **Mary Ann Westcott**) was born in the 1800s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s father's father's father (i.e., **Alfred Thadias Krempowiecki**) was born in the 1800s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s father's father  (i.e., **Charles Stanislaus Krempowiecki** whose family-name was sometimes shortened to **Charles Stanislaus Krempo** and later gallicized to **Charles Stanislaus Krempeaux**) was born in the 1800s.

§§§ 1920s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s father (i.e., **Charles Robert Krempeaux**) was born in the 1920s — in the year 1924.
He was born in the city of **Portage la Prairie** in **Manitoba**.

§§§ 1930s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s Dayee Hassan (i.e., his Uncle Hassan) (i.e., his mother's oldest brother) was born in the 1930s.

World War II started in the 1930s.

§§§ 1940s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s father (i.e., **Charles Robert Krempeaux**) went into the Canadian Navy to fight in (what eventually became known as) World War II while he was still too young to be permitted to join, in the 1940s.
(When he intially went, he thought he was going to fight to protect and save his friends and loved ones.
He later learned that that's not even close to what war is about.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s mother (i.e., **Malekeh Agha Safavi**) was born in the 1940s — in the year 1942.

World War II ended in the 1940s.

§§§ 1950s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s cousin **Mark Robert Tindol** — i.e., his father's sister's eldest son — was born in the 1950s.

§§§ 1960s

§§§ 1970s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s grandfather (i.e., **Charles Stanislaus Krempeaux**) (i.e., his father's father) died, in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s mother and father got married, in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** was born in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s mother started teaching him to speak both English and Persian, in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s mother started teaching me [[math]], in the 1970s.

According to his mother, **Charles Iliya Krempeaux** said his first words in the 1970s.
(At about 5 months old.)

According to his mother, **Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started walking in the 1970s.
(At about 6 months old.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s father (i.e., **Charles Robert Krempeaux**) convinced his mother to move from Iran to Canada, in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s uncle **Paul Douglas Krempeaux** (i.e., his father's brother) lived with them for a while, in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s brother (i.e., **Hassan Robert Krempeaux**) was born in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s brother (i.e., **Hassan Robert Krempeaux**) said his first words, in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s brother (i.e., **Hassan Robert Krempeaux**) started walking, in the 1970s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and his family went back to [[iran]] (from Canada) to visit, and to show his brother (i.e., **Hassan Robert Krempeaux**) to his mother's family in Iran, in the 1970s.
(And then came back to Canada.)

The Iranian Revolution happened in the 1970s.
(And the "culture" in Iran changed so much that in alot of ways, the Iran his mother remembes no longer exists.)

§§§ 1980s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and his family moved to Texas from BC, Canada in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s parents bought him and his brother an Atari 2600 in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** learned how to swim in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and his family moved back to BC, Canada from Texas in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** beat up the //school bully// in the 1980s.
After just recently starting at a new [[elementary-school]], he had the school bully pick a fight with him.
He beat up the bully, and other kids at the school carried me him their shoulders cheering (until a teacher came, and they all ran into the forest), in the 1980s.

After he beat up the school bully, in [[elementary-school]], he started having people start fights with me regularly, in the 1980s.
(I don't know if it was because I beat up the school bully, or because I was the new kid.
Or if it was because I was younger and (thus, because I was younger than everyone was) smaller than most the people in my grade, since I had skipped a grade before.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and his brother (i.e., **Hassan Robert Krempeaux**) started training in **Shotokan Karate** in the 1980s.

After my Elementary School gave everyone an IQ test, 6 of us were taken and put in special classes originally called "Enrichment" but which was later called "The Gifted Child Program", in the 1980s.
(My teacher, at the time, had to explain why the student with the best grades in our class didn't get into the program, but why someone like me, who hated doing homework, and often didn't do his homework, did get in.
It was the first time I remember having the difference between "intelligent" person and a "hard working" person explained.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** was a substitute //sensei// for the Shotokan Karate classes, when the real //sensei// had to leave, couldn't show up, or was late, in the 1980s.
(Being a preteen at the time, most of the adults in the class didn't seem to like him teaching them, because he was so young.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** was told he wasn't allowed to take the test for my black belt, in Shotokan Karate, because he was too young. in the 1980s.
I think they said I had to wait until I was 16 or 18 years old before I could take the test with a "grand master" from Japan.
(At the time I was very upset about it.
But now that I am older, I'm more understanding of it.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and his brother (i.e., **Hassan Robert Krempeaux**) started training in Judo in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and his family moved to Texas from BC, Canada in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started playing the **drums** in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** heard //rap music// for the first time, in the 1980s.
(They didn't play it on the Radio or on TV yet. It was still largely "underground" music.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** joined the Football team, at what was then his //high school//, in the 1980s.

While on the football team in //high school//, **Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started [[weight-lifting]] for the first time, in the 1980s.
At age 12, he had a 130 lbs bench press and an 85 lbs curl.
(He had always been strong for my age.
It seems to have run on my mother's side of the family.)
(Later, he stopped weight lifting until I got older, after he heard that [[weight-lifting]] too much when you are that young can stunt your growth.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** became a [[teenager]] in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** joined the [[weight-lifting]] team, at what was then his //high school//, in the 1980s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started training in Jujitsu in the 1980s.
(But despite his father wanting me to learn it, his mother pulled him out of the classes, shortly after beginning, because she felt the teacher was being too rough with him.
Charles regrets not having gone further with my Jujutsu training!)

§§§ 1990s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s brother (**Hassan Robert Krempeaux**) became a [[teenager]] in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and his family moved back to BC, Canada from Texas in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** skipped another grade, with about half of his classes, in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** met his friend **Chet Earl Woodside** in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** met his friend **Adam Gerald Bergunder** (through his brother) in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and his brother started training in Tae Kwon Do in the 1990s.

I started wondering what I was, in the 1990s.
And started reading 2 Encyclopedia sets, reading every National Geographic magazine I could get my hands on, and really finding out about the breadth and depth of my father's knowledge about History and people around the world (through all the questions I was asking him) — all to figure out the answer to the question of "what I was".
This lead to or increased my passion for History, Anthropology, Archaeology, and Human Genetics.
This also set me off on the process of reading all of those 2 encyclopedia sets, A-Z.
(This was before most people had even heard of Internet or The Web.)
And made me start to be appreciative of the knowledge I had access to from my father... from the all topics my father had educated himself on... and the very unique knowledge he gained by visiting every country in the world, except for two... and the knowledge he possed just by having been born in the 1920s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started training in Greco-Roman Wrestling in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started studying Chemistry in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started studying Physics in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started studying Calculus in the 1990s.

The women who would become **Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s wife — **Hyerim Kang** (who goes by the name “//Bella//”) — was born in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** convined his parent to buy him a [[computer]] in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** taught himself [[computer-programming]] by reading books and magazines, in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** graduated //high school// in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**' brother graduated //high school// in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started University in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s parents bought him his first car in the 1990s (because he went to University).
(It was a brand new blue Chevrolet Cavalier, with a spoiler.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** created his first job, as a private Math Tutor in the 1990s.
(He put an ad in a [[grocery store]], and got his first student that way.
They liked how well he taught [[math]], and told their friends.
Soon he had many many students.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s brother started University in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s parents bought his brother his first car in the 1990s (because he went to University).
(It was a brand new black Chevrolet Cavalier.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started [[weight-lifting]] again, regularly, in the 1990s.
(I started doing this since, with all the studying and classes due to University, I didn't have any time for Martial Arts training anymore.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started watching [[dragon-ball]], in the 1990s.
His brother was watching [[dragon-ball]] first — he would watch it after he came home from his part-time job (that he had while he was attending university).
**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started watching [[dragon-ball]] with his brother.
**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** became a very big fan of the [[dragon-ball]] fiction.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** taught himself [[html]] in the 1990s.
Mostly from doing a [[view-source]] and reading the HTML [[source-code]], on various [[web-page]]s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** got into Linux in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s //Uncle Paul// — his father's brother (i.e., [[paul-douglas-krempeaux]]) — died in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** taught himself the [[php]] [[programming-language]], in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** met his friend **Peter Bajurko**, in the 1990s.

§§§ 2000s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** graduated from University, in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s brother graduated from University, in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** got his first [[software-engineering]] job, after graduating from University, at [[ifusion-communications]], in the 2000s.

The Dot-Com Bubble crashed, in the 2000s.

[[ifusion-communications]] went out of business, in the 2000s, because, even though they weren't a Dot-Com'er, their clients were.
And when Dot-Com Bubble crash, their clients went out of business, and so did they.

Because of the poor job market after the Dot-Com Bubble crash, **Charles Iliya Krempeaux** had no income for months, in the 2000s.

I created my own consulting company Reptile Consulting & Services, in the 2000s.
At my consulting companies peek, I had 8 people working for me -- 4 full time and 4 part time -- and had over 25 clients.
(Not bad for some who was 26/27.
A stark constrast to most people I knew, who had not had an education after high school, and were all still "partying".)

After staying at home, with my parents for a while after graduating University (because my father got a bit sick, and I wanted to be around), I moved out on my own, in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s mother's oldest brother, Sayyid Hassan Safavi, died in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** did work for [[bidclix]], in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** met my friend **Radoslav Gazo**, in the 2000s — he hired **Radoslav Gazo** at BidClix.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** bought a 2003 Mazda RX-8 GT, in the 2000s.
(The 1st year they were available.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** moved to Vancouver, to Kitsilano down by Kits beach, in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s friend **Adam Gerald Bergunder** had a son named Ethan Edwin Scott Bergunder, in the 2000s.
(Having grown up with Adam, I think of Ethan as being almost like my own son.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s father died, in the 2000s.
(Charles still miss him very very much!)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** bought a 2007 Mazda RX-8 GT, in the 2000s.
(His 2nd RX-8.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** joined the [[videoblogging-mailing-list]] community.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** created [[vlograzor]] — a news-aggregator web-site for the [[videoblogging-mailing-list]] community and anyone else interested in [[vlogging]].

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** went to the Internet TV conference called [[vloggercon]], in the 2000s — a conference for the [[videoblogging-mailing-list]] community.
(His brother came with him.)

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** created the Internet TV Show, [[tirebiterz]], in the 2000s.

[[bidclix]] got bought by Accipter, in the 2000s.

Accipter (which previously bought [[bidclix]]) got bought by aQuantive, in the 2000s.

aQuantiev (which previous bought Accipiter) got bought by Microsoft, in the 2000s.

aQuantive decided to shut down the [[bidclix]] office, on Granville Island, in the 2000s.
They wanted all of the BidClix team to relocated to Seattle.
**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** decided not to relocate, and left BidClix/Accipiter/aQuantive/Microsoft.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** did work for Top Producer, in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** created MakeWordpress.com, in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** got a contributor credit for the creation of HTML 5, in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** created VideoPress and became a founding member of Show in a Box (which VideoPress is a part of), in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** did work for Navarik, in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** shared a booth at the Vancouver Motorcycle Show, hired promo girls, sold Tirebiterz clothing and promoted the Tirebiterz Show, in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** co-founded the company [[49-research]] with **Radoslav Gazo**, in the 2000s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** moved to West End of [[vancouver]], down on Beach Avenue, in the 2000s.

§§§ 2010s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** bought a 2010 Nissan 370Z, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** met his friend **Kalim Kassam**, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** joined and later led what became the [[evolution-and-behavior-club]], in the 2010s — in June 2013 — due to his friend **Kalim Kassam** introducing him to a different reading group.
Four members from this other //different reading group//, along with  **Charles Iliya Krempeaux**, formed the initial members of the [[evolution-and-behavior-club].
The [[evolution-and-behavior-club]] was a big part of **Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s life, up until his wife (**Hyerim Kang**, who goes by **Bella**) was well into the pregnancy of their first child.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** and **Radoslav Gazo** moved the [[49-research]] office to its then new location near the intersection of Seymour St and W. Hastings St in downtown Vancouver, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** moved out of [[Vancouver]] to live closer to his mother, as she had gotten older, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** got an interest in [[artificial-general-intelligence]] after being exposed to the research of **Steve Grand**, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** got an increased interest in [[neuroscience]], in the 2010s.
Originally he had a light interest based just on curiousity, but his interest in neuroscience increased after gaining an increased interest in psychology, but my interest increased greatly after gaining an interest in artificial general intelligence and modeling or simulating mammalian like intelligence, but this neuroscience interesting became interest in and in itself eventually.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** left [[49-research]] and started doing work for [[hootsuite]], in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** met his friend **Christopher Trottier**, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** left [[hootsuite]] and started doing work for [[trulioo]], in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** met his friend **Massoud Seifi**, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** taught himself the [[golang]] [[programming-language]], in the 1990s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** took over as head of the **Machine Learning Meetup Group**, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** founded the **Data Science Meetup Group**, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** founded the **Learn Data Science Meetup Group**, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started learning DIYBio flavor [[synthetic-biology]], in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** left [[trulioo]] and started doing work for [[electronic-arts]] again, in the 2010s.
In doing this, he again was working with **Radoslav Gazo**.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** bought a 2014 Porsche Cayman, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** left [[electronic-arts]] and became the founding [[chief-technology-officer]] (**CTO**) of [[koho]], in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** met his friend **Osama Khan**, in the 2010s — in April 2016.

Having lived in walkable neighborhood in [[downtown-vancouver]], **Charles Iliya Krempeaux** went car-less for the first time since he bought his first car.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** visited the city of [[london]] in [[england]], in the 2010s.
This trip was part of a vacation.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** visited the city of [[rome]] in [[italy]] for the first time, in the 2010s.
This trip was part of a vacation.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** visited the city of [[cluj-napoca]] in [[romania]] for the first time, in the 2010s.
This trip was part of a vacation.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** visited the city of [[bucharest]] in [[romania]] for the first time, in the 2010s.
This trip was part of a vacation.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** visited the city of [[athens]] in [[greece]] for the first time, in the 2010s.
This trip was part of a vacation.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** visited the city of [[amsterdam]] in the [[netherlands]] for the first time, in the 2010s.
He visited Amsterdam to attend the **Human Behavior & Evolution Society** (**HBES**) conference.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** visited [[korea]] for the first time, in the 2010s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** visited [[pakistan]] for the first time, in the 2010s.
This was a result of his friend **Osama Khan** (who is originally from Pakistan) asking **Charles Iliya Krempeaux** if he would help some of his friends in Pakistan with the [[fintech]] startup they were creating.
Prior to this first trip to Pakistan, **Charles Iliya Krempeaux** was helping them remotely from [[metro-vancouver]].
The motivation for this trip wad to help them //in person//.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** visited [[malta]] for the first time, in the 2010s.
He was attending a conference, but stayed longer to be able to spend time in Malta.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** met the woman who became his wife (i.e., **Hyerim Kang**, who goes by //Bella//), in the 2010s — in the year 2018.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** visited [[pakistan]] again, in the 2010s.
He was advising a [[fintech]] startup in Pakistan.

6 months later, **Charles Iliya Krempeaux** proposed to **Hyerim Kang** (who goes by //Bella//) and got engaged, in the 2010s — in the year 2019.

1 month later, **Charles Iliya Krempeaux** got married, in the 2010s — in the year 2019.

§§§ 2020s

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s first child — his son — was born in the 2020s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**'s second child — his daughter — was born in the 2020s.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** visited [[korea]] again in the 2020s — from November 2023 to January 2024.
This trip was one month after his second child — his daughter — was born.
The motivation for this trip was to №1 let his wife's side of of the family meet his daughter, but also to №2 get help from his wife's daughter (with increased parenting workload that is associated with newborns).
His wife, his son, and his daughter stayed there in Korea for about 3 months.
**Charles Iliya Krempeaux**, however, stayed for about 1 month, came back to their home in [[metro-vancouver]] for about one month (as he didn't want to be away from his elderly mother for 3 moths), and then returned back to Korea for the third month — and then all four of them came back home (to [[metro-vancouver]]) together.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** started getting heavily involved with [[software-engineering]] [[dapp]]s again in the 2020s — in March 2024 — after not touching them since the year 2018.

**Charles Iliya Krempeaux** visited [[korea]] again in the 2020s — from mid- October 2024 to mid- November 2024.
The motivation for this trip was again to visit (his wife's side of the) family.
But there was also a special event — it was his father-in-law's (i.e., his wife's father's) 60th birthday anniversary — calculated in the way Korean's calculate birthdays (which is different than how it is calculated in Canada).
